[Music]
welcome to b2b marketing and more with
your host Pam dinner as the leading
marketing and sales enablement
strategist keynote speaker and author
camp created this podcast to share a
professional experience and insights and
to help you be a better b2b marketer
never miss an episode by subscribing on
Apple podcasts now let's get started
[Music]
alright everyone another big hello from
Paula Nora and I hope everybody is doing
well if you listen to my podcasts on
regular basis you know that I'm not
affiliated with any tools or platforms
occasionally I mention certain tools or
platforms for my listeners to check it
out if they are dealing with specific
marketing or sales challenges for social
media specifically I've been using
buffer for several years however a good
friend of mine Lisa introduced me to a
tool called lately this tool has the
functionality of buffer but at the same
time he uses AI artificial intelligence
to alter generate social media posts for
you you can quickly pick your favorites
or edit the posts then schedule them out
you can choose how and when you want
them to post or have lately say I
schedule when you based on your audience
engagement history
you can also seamlessly stop pile your
post with auto-generated hash tag and a
short link lately will send an escarole
to help drive traffic back to your
website in addition they have some
building dashboards and graphs are
visually compelling and similar to what
you see on tableau or a power bi as you
are publishing your posts you can see
the traffic on different social media
channels and correlate that to your
website traffic and you can click each
day on the graph to see the traffic on
each social media channel and connect
the results with your workflow I thought
the tool was pretty cool once the
business development manager Chris
brought did a quick demo to me and my
team we were enthusiastic and definitely
interested in a free trial and by the
time the free trial expired we signed up
to use the tool so
you know that's a very typical SAS base
a tool selling tactic right you get a
demo you try you like it you buy right
there's nothing special but there's one
thing Chris did which impressed the heck
out of me
so about a week after we purchased the
tool he sent me an email with the video
and I thought okay fine this video would
be just the typical tips and tricks
video no he actually created this
specific video for me and my team he
said that he went to my account and
check if I'm using the tool okay well
that's a great sign that's a great
salesperson like want to make sure I'm
using a tool for the future cross sales
and up sales he has noticed that been
using lately to schedule a bunch of
tweets okay fantastic
that means I'm using that tool right
then he went out to talk about some
additional tips and tricks I should use
and that's benefit specifically for me
he also said if I have any additional
questions I can schedule another demo
with him first of all I love that video
and that he was checking on me and to
see if I'm using the tools and do I use
the tool right and the provided
additional tips and tricks I can do
better so that's a wonderful way to
follow up with a new customer not only
check on me but also went into the
system to make sure I was using the tool
like I said that's gray sales tactic for
future cross sales and up sales
obviously some people may perceive this
as the intrusion of a privacy seems easy
and probably get my permission to lock
into my account
but you know what I'm running a business
everything I do is business-related on
top of it oh the post schedule on lately
will be public anyway so in that case
I'm totally okay with him to checking on
me and providing me additional
information on what I can do better
however possibly in the future but Chris
to ask for permission is probably
certainly a good particle I purchase
many SAS based tools
I don't usually hear from sellers after
I complete the financial transaction and
some tools I used by millions of users I
get it and they can't follow up with
everybody plus I'm probably a small fish
but I want to say I liked receiving that
personalized email from Chris with a
video specifically created
for me the challenge is how to scale
that when your customer base grows I
don't you know really have a good answer
for that I've been thinking about it
maybe you can't use AI to actually send
out the email but how do you create
personalized video for some of the new
users so I don't have answer do you have
any suggestion how to scale that when
your user base grows and to provide that
personalized and the follow-up
experience if you do can you share with
me and also our listeners again if you
like the content please subscribe if you
prefer YouTube like I said I publish one
video a week now so subscribe to my
youtube channel thank you so much for
tuning in to b2b marketing and more
where Pam dinner I hope to hear from you
and please continue to listen to my
podcast and they give me feedback thank
you so much and have awesome awesome day
if you enjoyed this podcast please share
it with your colleagues and leave a
review on Apple podcasts
[Music]